So in this lecture, I'm going to create a service, and in the service I'm going to define a task.
So this is my cluster, and here we have a tab for services and I'm going to click on Create.
A new window will be open and it is asking to configure your service or launch type.
I will go with the Fargate operating system Linux and again I'm going to choose the same task because
as of now I'm having only one task.
This is first run task definition and the platform you can choose anyone.
Let me choose this one.
And the cluster obviously I want this service should be the part of my this cluster.
Fargate demo cluster and then you have to give the service name.
Let me give Fargate.
Service demo new and the next is service type.
So here by default it has taken replica and replica service place and maintain a desired number of tasks
across your cluster daemon services place and maintain one copy of your task on each container instance.
If a capacity provider strategy is used, the daemon service type is not supported.
And how many task you want to run?
Suppose I want 2 tasks.
So here we have some option for the health minimum health percent.
I have to add 100 here and this is basically provides a lower limit on the number of running tasks during
a deployment enabling you to deploy without using additional cluster capacity.
So as of now, I'm not going in detail with that.
Just go with the default option.
And here we have this deployment.
So I'm going with rolling update.
It means if something goes wrong, it will roll back and simply click on next step and it is asking
to choose the VPC.
So this is my VPC and here I'm choosing all the subnets.
So let me choose a subnet for the public.
Only when you will do the practice.
You can choose all of the subnets and security group which I have already created.
So, so let me choose the service group which I had created manually.
And here we have this load balancing.
So we'll discuss about load balancing in a separate class.
So let me go with the none and click on next step auto scaling.
So as of now, I do not want to add auto scaling here.
So let me go with the default option.
Now it has given you the review here we have all the options like cluster type, launch type and your
VPC.
Everything it has mentioned, just click on Create Service.
Now your service is created.
Let me click on View Service.
So I've just created a service and this service is basically for this cluster.
And in that service I have defined the task and this service is going to monitor this task.
So let me click on task and here you will see that 2 task is started showing here, but it is in pending
state.
Just keep on refreshing why it is showing 2 because I had chosen 2 task at the time of creation of
the service.
Now my both of my task is in running state.
Let me click on any one of them and this is the public IP copy and just paste it here.
Now you can see I'm getting the output and coming back here.
This is my cluster.
Now.
This time my task has been created Via this service.
Suppose if I'll select any one of the tasks and let me stop this one.
But here my task is being managed by the service.
Service is keep on monitoring all the tasks.
So it will check and it will come to know that this particular task is in stop state.
So what this service will do?
It is going to create one more task.
Let me keep on refreshing.
Here you can see immediately it has created a new task.
And as of now, you can see it is in pending state.
After some time it would be in running state.
Now you can see both of my task is in running state.
So this service is maintaining the task.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.